Add plugin documentation page (#1703)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/rez: docs/source/plugins.rst

=======
Plugins
=======

Rez is designed around the concept of plugins. Plugins can be used to extend rez's functionalities without modifying any of rez's source code.

Plugins are currently bundled in the main rez repo, but will be split out
to their own repos in the future.

The built-in plugins are located at :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins`.

> Loaded plugins

Reviewer: View active plugins? List installed plugins?

==============

> Currently loaded plugins can be queried by running ``rez -i``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently loaded plugins can be queried by running :option:`rez -i`
```

   package repository  memory      In-memory package repository                       loaded
   release hook        amqp        Publishes a message to the broker.                 loaded
   release hook        command     Executes pre- and post-release shell commands      loaded
   release hook        emailer     Sends a post-release email                         loaded
   release vcs         git         Git version control                                loaded
   release vcs         hg          Mercurial version control                          loaded
   release vcs         stub        Stub version control system, for testing purposes  loaded
   release vcs         svn                                                            FAILED: No module named 'pysvn'
   shell               cmd         Windows Command Prompt (DOS) shell.                loaded
   shell               gitbash     Git Bash (for Windows) shell                       loaded
   shell               powershell  Windows PowerShell 5                               loaded
   shell               pwsh        PowerShell Core 6+                                 loaded

Configuring plugins
===================

> # TODO: Write this part.

Author: Tried poking through some code but AFAIK you can't actually configure plugins in your own `rezconfig.py` outside of the repo structure, but maybe I'm missing something? Can you help me out here @JeanChristopheMorinPerso?

The whole idea that you have to configure plugin settings in two different places in the repo, the "plugin type" settings at the root of the repo and then specific plugin settings in the `rezplugins` folder is pretty odd to me.

Reviewer: You can configure plugins in your own rezconfig.py like so:

```python
plugins = {
    "filesystem": {}
}
```

Reviewer: See https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/rez/blob/main/src%2Frez%2Fconfig.py#L643-L648

=======
Plugins
=======

Rez is designed around the concept of plugins. Plugins can be used to extend rez's functionalities without modifying any of rez's source code.

> Plugins are currently bundled in the main rez repo, but will be split out
> to their own repos in the future.
> 
> The built-in plugins are located at :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rez comes with built-in plugins that are located at :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins`. New plugins are encouraged to be developed out-of-tree (outside rez).
```
It is true that we want to maybe split them out (at least some of them), but we didn't make any decision yet on this.

=======
Plugins
=======

> Plugins are extensions of rez that extend rez functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rez is designed around the concept of plugins. Plugins can be used to extend rez's functionalities without modifying any of rez's source code.
```

Plugins are currently bundled in the main rez repo, but will be split out
to their own repos in the future.

> The plugins that exist are currently located at :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The built-in plugins are located at :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins`.
```

> Existing plugins

Reviewer: These are plugin types, not plugins.

================

- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/build_process`
- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/build_system`
- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/command`
- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/build_process/package_repository`
- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/build_process/release_hook`
- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/build_process/release_vcs`
- :gh-rez:`src/rezplugins/build_process/shell`

Developing your own plugin
==========================

Rez plugins require a specific folder structure as follows:

.. code-block:: text

>     /plugin_name

Reviewer: This is a plugin type folder. Things inside that folder are the actual plugins.

        /__init__.py (adds plugin path to rez)
        /rezconfig.py (defines configuration settings for your plugin)
        /plugin_file1.py (your plugin file)
        /plugin_file2.py (your plugin file)
        etc.

To make your plugin available to rez, you can install them directly under
``src/rezplugins`` (that's called a namespace package) or you can add
the path to :envvar:`REZ_PLUGIN_PATH`.

Plugin types
------------

There are two different plugin types in Rez.

- Plugin
- Extension

Extensions differ from standard plugins in that they add a new command to rez's

> CLI.

Reviewer: I'm not too sure about this section. "extensions" are not special from what I know. We could explain what an extension is by saying that a plugin that adds a command is sometimes refereed to as an extension?

Reviewer 2: Yeah I would drop "extension" entirely if possible. Plugins exist. You can do a lots of things with plugins, including adding `rez` commands. In fact, it's impossible to add a plugin without "extending" rez's functionality in some way so calling only plugins that add `rez` commands "extensions" is arguably inaccurate, or incorrect, by some folks' definition.

Required file contents
----------------------

> ``__init__.py``
> 
> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. code-block:: python
   :caption: __init__.py
```
I think the `caption` option will add a title to the code block.
